+++
title = "My Dream Job"  
date = "2019-08-22"  
category = "blog"  
tags = ["personal"]  
keywords = ["dream job", "autistic", "life goals"]  
+++

I've spent way too much time trying to think about what my dream job would be. When you're autistic like I am it's a daily struggle to live in a world that is not built for people like you and a world that is constantly fighting against you. Personally, I know that because of some of the difficulties that I have from being autistic, I could never have a "traditional" job. I certainly could never have a job that requires face-to-face or phone interactions with customers. I could never have a job that requires much physical activity or heavy lifting.  

My ideal "dream" job is a job that lets me work from home using my own computer. With a flexible schedule--this is important because I do quite like being awake at night sometimes. Night time is very peaceful and quiet. It's a very lovely experience that I enjoy. A job that lets me communicate with co-workers or customers using email or instant message instead of phone or face-to-face interactions would also be absolutely necessary. I, unfortunately, am very fearful that this kind of job doesn't exist (which is probably why it is estimated that [more than 80% of Autistic adults](https://blog.easterseals.com/unemployment-rates-for-adults-with-autism/) around the world are unemployed). Although, I am trying to be optimistic that perhaps there is one out there. I've pretty much accepted that likely my only opportunity for a job is being self-employed. I am totally okay with that. Except, I'm not really sure how to make that happen. The only possible way I can think of making self-employment happen would be to use my love of video games to turn Twitch streaming into a potential career.